Restaurant Data Analysis
This project is a Tkinter-based application for analyzing restaurant data from a CSV file. It provides insights into the most common cuisines, the city with the highest number of restaurants, and the city with the highest average rating. The results are displayed both in text format and through graphical visualizations using Matplotlib.

Features
Top Cuisines: Displays the top three most common cuisines along with the percentage of restaurants that serve each cuisine.
City with Most Restaurants: Identifies the city with the highest number of restaurants.
City with Highest Average Rating: Identifies the city with the highest average rating for restaurants.
Graphical Visualizations: Provides bar charts for the top cuisines and their percentages, and average ratings for the top 10 cities by number of restaurants.
Prerequisites
Python 3.x
pandas
tkinter
matplotlib
Installation
Clone the repository:
bash
Install the required libraries:
bash
Copy code
pip install pandas tkinter matplotlib
Usage
Make sure your dataset CSV file is properly formatted and placed in the correct directory. Update the file path in the script if necessary.
Run the script:
bash
Copy code
python main.py
Code Overview
Data Loading
The dataset is loaded using pandas.read_csv and processed to extract relevant information such as the top cuisines, the city with the most restaurants, and average ratings by city.

Tkinter Interface
A Tkinter window is created to display the results. The interface includes labels for the top cuisines, the city with the most restaurants, and the city with the highest average rating.

Matplotlib Visualizations
Two bar charts are generated using Matplotlib:

One for the top three cuisines and their percentages.
Another for the average ratings of the top 10 cities by the number of restaurants.
Dataset
Ensure that your dataset CSV file contains at least the following columns:

Cuisines: A string of cuisines separated by commas.
City: The city where the restaurant is located.
Aggregate rating: The average rating of the restaurant.
Example Dataset
Here's a snippet of what your dataset might look like:

csv
Copy code
Cuisines,City,Aggregate rating
Italian, Chinese, New York, 4.5
Mexican, Indian, San Francisco, 4.2
...
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Acknowledgements
This project was developed by [Your Name].
Special thanks to the open-source community for providing the necessary libraries and tools.
